Add quanTIseq to methods (#214)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript: content/06.methods.md

##### Immune Profiling/Deconvolution

> We used the R package immunedeconv [@pmid:31510660; @url:https://github.com/icbi-lab/immunedeconv] to deconvolute various immune cell types across 21 histologies from the PBTA cohort with `xCell` [@doi:10.1186/s13059-017-1349-1] and `quanTIseq` [@10.1186/s13073-019-0638-6] in the stranded and poly-A collapsed FPKM RNA-seq datasets ([`immune-deconv` analysis module](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/tree/master/analyses/immune-deconv)). 

Reviewer: >21 histologies

It looks like this was meant to describe the `broad_histologies`, although I get 22 when I do:
```
> v21 %>%
+   filter(!is.na(broad_histology)) %>%
+   group_by(broad_histology) %>%
+   tally() %>%
+   nrow()
[1] 22
```

Plus, since we are now using select cancer groups for plotting, but actually analyzing all samples, perhaps we just say:

```suggestion
We used the R package immunedeconv [@pmid:31510660; @url:https://github.com/icbi-lab/immunedeconv] to deconvolute various immune cell types across tumors from the PBTA cohort with `xCell` [@doi:10.1186/s13059-017-1349-1] and `quanTIseq` [@10.1186/s13073-019-0638-6] in the stranded and poly-A collapsed FPKM RNA-seq datasets ([`immune-deconv` analysis module](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/tree/master/analyses/immune-deconv)). 
```

Author: > It looks like this was meant to describe the broad_histologies, although I get 22 when I do

Good check, thanks, I hadn't updated this number.

As a signature-based method, `xCell` estimates arbitrary scores for 64 immune and non-immune cell types that represent relative cell type abundances. 
These scores may be compared across samples (inter-sample) but not across cell types (intra-sample) or cancer types (inter-histology). 
By contrast, the `quanTIseq` deconvolution method directly estimates absolute fractions of 10 immune cell types that represent inferred proportions of the cell types in the mixture. 

> Therefore, `quanTIseq` allows for inter-sample, intra-sample, and inter-histology score comparisons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, we utilized `quanTIseq` for inter-sample, intra-sample, and inter-histology score comparisons.
```
